phase 0
1 - eys
2 - yes
3 - I need every user profile they can login using lichess or chess. After login based on lichess or chess, they have their dashboard or view. to see others it can be on seperate page leverage most of the logic used for self view.
4 - use gpt-40-min by default, i have api key , ask me when to setup in .env.  setup .env and use it from there.
5. - defer later phases

Phase 2:
6 - use local supabase, i will provide details later, i have account so. yes maintain .env. dont hard code keys or constants. like stockfish depth..etc
 
 7 - if you think you can existing corpus fromother project use it, if not curate something useful for the project from web.
 8 - yes, got with depth 12 to start with.
 9 - i don't think tsv file data is accurate, curate from lichess, i don't know if you need FEN or PEG. 
 10 - soundss good.
 11 - yes, lets see the plan at that time
 12 - yes

 RAG is very important, have proper corpus and leverage corpus as part of the plan. retrive knowledge corpus wherever its needed, chat example. 

 This project is agentic RAG along with it should use concepts like (RAG, multi-RAG, MCP, evals, synthetic dataset/goldensset, finetuning, agents, mult-agents,langgraph..etc)

 1. Q-1 — you wrote "gpt-40-min"; I implemented gpt-4o-mini. Confirm? ok, that was sspelling mistake
2. Q-4 — a value for LLM_DAILY_TOKEN_CEILING. Currently blank, meaning no ceiling. that should be ok. do we know how many tokens are we using pre request? Have a proper logging to view in developer_insight (to track logs, agent calls, workflow navigations, it was implemented in my sibling project. Be careful anything doing to track should not introduce latency or)


Instead of doing Phase 8 — Multi-Game Aggregation and Profile Analytics next, I really want to see this wofkflow so far completed on UI,
with simple pgn upload and able to see the how its been analyzed and response. Is the RAG involved in it? how the the retrival? just introduce small early step or fist in this 
phase 8 which shows that first , and once confirmed , we can start actual phase 8